SNOW request specific fields in test module (#35438)
demisto/content: Packs/ServiceNow/ReleaseNotes/2_6_7.md

#### Integrations

##### ServiceNow v2

> Fixed an issue where the **Test** button failed on timeout in case of large requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where pressing the **Test** button caused a timeout failure in case of large requests.
```
